well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
messaging
and reaching people and incrementalism
and a quote we're going to start off
talking about that quote
because uh i've seen it used a lot
lately
and i just want to clarify some things
the quote is a martin luther king jr
quote
the time is always right to do what is
right
and yes he said that absolutely and he
definitely meant that you should take
action today
in pursuit of social change
however when that quote is being used
today
it seems that people think not only
should you take action today
but that you should see results today
and that is not what that quote meant
if you go to the sentence before he was
talking about the
tireless efforts and persistent work
of dedicated individuals
tireless and persistent does not seem to
mean
immediate the whole uh
little spill here that he was going
through was explaining that
social change doesn't just will in on
its own
that you have to make it happen you
can't just wish for it
you have to work for it you have to be
persistent tireless
in the pursuit of social change i would
suggest that it is incredibly odd
to use a martin luther king quote to
justify some form of instant
gratification
because he was very well aware of the
fact that people
in his struggle came before him and
would come after him
as big as
his wins were as much as they mattered
i would suggest they were incremental
turn on your tv i'm willing to bet it
wouldn't take
long before you were reminded
of a issue related to his struggle
that is currently occurring in the
united states
it wasn't an immediate win it's a
movement
continues to go social progress does not
stop
so with that in mind
trump lost but he didn't lose big
70 million americans still voted for him
still bought into that authoritarian
rhetoric and who can blame them
nobody else is talking to him really
when you think about it
nobody else is talking to them his
voters
nobody's reaching out for them at least
not
in a language they speak
and we know how much that crew likes
foreign languages
when you hear progressives
talk to authoritarians or conservatives
even
they're often not speaking the same
language
and that is something we have to change
and i'm not just saying this
in some philosophical thing
i'm saying pragmatically we have four
years
to reach a significant portion of that
70 million and convince them that they
were wrong
and that's a task we have to be tireless
in this pursuit and we have to be
persistent
because the biden win was not decisive
enough
to send a message to the republican
party that they should abandon that
style of authoritarian leadership
if we don't reach them we stand the
chance of getting another trump
in four years and this one might be
competent
this one might not telegraph everything
he's going to do over twitter
which means we will go through those 14
characteristics very quickly
this isn't to tone police and say that
you have to
coddle conservatives if you want to be
one of those
charging ahead more power to you
if you want to be one of those leading
the way
the pathfinders out front that's good we
need that
but we also have to have people who are
reaching back
to drag a large portion of that 70
million
into the modern era and they're going to
kick and scream the entire time
we have to reach out to them and we have
to reach them successfully which means
we have to free
frame every issue as
a big picture issue and a kitchen table
issue when
you talk about progressives innately
we're big picture people we look at the
big
picture conservatives
those who fall for authoritarian
rhetoric
they don't they care about the here and
now
they care about kitchen table issues
everything has to be framed both ways
and we have to make an effort to speak
their language
and adopt rhetoric not policy that is
effective with them
that reaches them that resonates with
them
we don't have a choice on this
the reason that uh trump's rhetoric was
so successful
is because he appealed to people who
generally aren't reached out to
and he did it
with comfortable rhetoric with rhetoric
that they had heard
with that patriotic rhetoric that has
just permeated this country since the
end of world war ii
we have to find a way to convince
i don't know 20 million people
that policies from almost 100 years ago
may not really be suited for the modern
era
it's a task but we have four years to do
it
biden does not have a mandate he didn't
win big enough
if you are hoping that biden is going to
take office and everything is going to
be okay
you're wrong there's a lot of work to be
done
there is no progressive mandate you
cannot expect
a bunch of progressive policies to be
pushed through
the most you can expect from biden is
damage control
that's it if you want those progressive
policies
you have to work for them and that's
going to take
individual action and it's going to take
convincing
a large portion of that 70 million
and this is a group of people who are
already going to be on the defensive
that video from this morning kind of a
joke
but not really we have to take
every issue and put it into a language
they will understand
and it's just going to move them a
little bit they're always going to be
behind
because we always are going to have
people who are moving forward
but we have to start making an effort to
pull them along
because they are stuck in the 1950s
that mentality is still there you still
have a large portion of those people
who believe that lincoln was a
conservative
these little things like this have to be
addressed
we have to convince them
that history exists we have to convince
them
that it actually isn't still the cold
war
we have to move forward and the
democratic party
is horrible when it comes to messaging
and they generally do not make an effort
to reach people who agree with them
on most issues
generally speaking low-income rural
people
hold the same values as the democratic
party
with the exception of just a couple of
hot button issues
but because of those hot button issues
democrats have wrote them off
for a long time the problem
is it's no longer simple partisanship
anymore
because authoritarians have reached out
for them
and they got them 70 million of them
you know since june 8 million americans
fell into poverty
but trump still retained 70
million supporters
that shows you how significant his hold
is on people
and how hard this is going to be
but we don't have a choice
it's not something that we can forego
doing it may be annoying
i'm certain it's going to be annoying
but we have to make a concerted
effort to reach out to those
who still aren't in the modern era
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day